hear about what's going on kyochon here
and I'm back to do another review on
something your otaku and today's review
is on the manga kamisama kids by
julietta suzuki this is an absolute
awesome series so far I'm really
enjoying it I'm really glad that I
picked it up as I do with all of my
manga first impressions and reviews I'm
going to tell you how i came across this
particular title so one day i was
chilling out at the mall with my friends
and we were hanging out your barnes
noble when i suddenly came across this
cover and instantly I was attracted to
it the ears come on you have to be
attracted these ears they're so cute as
you guys know I like cats and that's
what I thought it was about but when I
read it I found out that it was about a
fox demon but regardless I was attracted
to the cover art so I went over picked
it up read the blurb in the back of a
book and I said this sounds totally
interesting I'm gonna check it out and
I'm really glad that I did because it is
pretty interesting so let's get into a
main characters our first main
character's name is Nanami and she's a
high school student who lives with her
father who has a gambling problem you
can already see the issues starting
can't you well anyway one day her father
runs off and he's not a me all by
herself and to make matters worse she
ends up getting kicked out of her
apartment so now she's a high school
students ever home and she really
doesn't have anything to call her own
but that is soon fixed by our next
character whose name in mika gay and
he's an older man who ran away from home
twenty years ago and he suddenly came
back to town and was sitting in the park
where anonyme was staying
like and they have a little conversation
she tells him that she doesn't have a
home anymore and he tells her that he
doesn't even want to go back to his home
and she assumes that he had an angry
wife at home but she finds out that
that's not really the case he feels so
bad for Nanami that he decides to give
her his house so he gives her directions
kiss her on the forehead and then goes
on his merry way the kiss actually means
something more than what you're thinking
but we'll get into that in a minute so
she goes over to his house and finds out
that it's on a shrine and she's kind of
nervous about it she doesn't know what
to think its kind of falling apart but
she goes in any way and when she goes in
she meets our third character who name
is Tom away and Tom away is the Fox team
and he is really pissed and at first he
mistakes nanami asthma kaga because they
have the same kind of feeling about them
and that's where that kiss came in when
he kissed her he transferred his power
to her and I'll explain that when I get
into the plot so this fox demon is
really pissed and at first he doesn't
want anything to do with her she really
thinks that anonyme is a weakling and
his useless and shouldn't be there and
pretty much says either she goes or I go
so for a while Tom way goes on his own
and does whatever if you want later on
the two of them end up getting into a
partnership that's all call it because
there's a lot of technical stuff but I'm
not going
they may also have these little helpers
I forgot their names they're not really
too important but they are the ones that
kind of helped nanami around the place
you know whenever she needs something
they'll go get it so they're just little
helpers and they're kind of little
sprites that helped knock me out so what
is this series of bad i've talked about
a lot of supernatural stuff well
basically Nanami has become a local
deity and has to grant prayers about
love and the more prayers that she
grants the stronger she becomes but
there's a lot of other stuff that goes
on that she has to take care of she has
to take care of the temple and she has
to meet with other deities that you know
come by there's one that comes but near
the end of the series up and the volume
rather and a lot of crazy stuff is gonna
happen to her and she doesn't really
understand this world all that much but
she's giving it her best shot and
tollway is her assistant I'm rather than
call Matt there's this technical word
for it but I can't think of it at the
moment and he helps her out protect her
and all that stuff kind of like you know
what Inuyasha did for kikyo kind of so
it's really interesting series and I
really can't wait to find out what
happens next but it really is kind of
interesting right now so that is my
review / first impressions of this
series go check it out it is awesome and
that is all I have to say and I hope you
guys are gonna have a good day and I'll
see you guys next time bye